Champagne shimmered in the flute, bubbles dancing like captured stars against the Dubai skyline. Max Monroe didn't drink.

Across the rooftop nightclub, a face he hadn't seen in five years – wasn't supposed to see again, ever – cut through the crowd's curated anonymity. Nadia. Here?

The silk of his Brioni suit felt suddenly too thin. He set down the champagne, the clink swallowed by the pulsing beat. He hadn't ordered it anyway.

"Enjoying the view, Mr. Monroe?" The voice was a warm rasp, close to his ear. He turned.

She was a study in contrasts: ice-blonde hair against skin the color of desert sand, a deceptively simple black dress that whispered of Parisian ateliers, eyes the unsettling green of uranium. Her name was Anya, or so she said.

"It's... captivating," Max said, his gaze flicking back to where Nadia had been. Gone. "Though I find I'm more drawn to close-up details."

Anya smiled, a flash of teeth too sharp to be entirely genuine. "You’re a man of focus. Admirable in this city of distractions. I thought you'd be with…" She paused, searching. "...the woman with the red dress."

"Business," Max said, keeping his tone neutral. He let his eyes travel the length of her body. "Pleasure." He wasn't entirely lying.

Her perfume was expensive, complicated, a mix of jasmine and something metallic that hinted at danger. The same danger he sensed rising within himself. He needed to get out, call it in. This was wrong.

"Pleasure should always be the business, Mr. Monroe," Anya purred, stepping closer. He could feel the heat radiating from her. "And business, sometimes, a pleasure."

He took another slow survey of the rooftop. All the usual suspects. Tech moguls, oil barons, their retinues of the beautiful and damned. No obvious threat. Except her. And Nadia.

"You know, I think I prefer my pleasure a little less… structured," he said, allowing a hint of a smile to play on his lips. "Shall we dispense with the foreplay?"

Her eyes narrowed, the green intensifying. "Impatient, are we? Perhaps you already have other appointments."

"Perhaps," Max agreed, his gaze unwavering. "Or perhaps I know when a game is rigged."

He reached into his jacket, the weight of the SIG Sauer P365 a cold comfort against his ribs. Not for her. At least, not yet.

"You wound me, Mr. Monroe," Anya said, her voice hardening. "I came here to offer you something valuable. A glimpse behind the curtain."

"And what makes you think I'm interested in your secrets?"

"Because," she said, her voice a low growl, "I know about Nadia."

The music suddenly cut out, replaced by a screech of feedback. The lights flickered, plunging the rooftop into near darkness. In the chaos, he felt a pressure against his spine, a sharp sting. He spun, adrenaline surging.

Anya was gone.

And behind him, a face he recognized – but this time, it wasn't Nadia.